OK what is darknet framework and how is it different from C-Sharp some developers who are absolutely
new to C-Sharp don't know the difference.
So in this lecture I'm going to talk a little bit about C-Sharp and what that framework Luescher is
a programming language.
Dot Net is a framework for building applications under Windows Dartmouth's framework is not limited
to C-sharp.
There are different languages that can target Dopping framework and build applications using that framework
.
Examples are F sharp or VB dot net.
Ok now what exactly is Dot Net Framework Dartmouth's framework consists of two components.
One is called CLR or Common Language Runtime and the other is a class library for building applications
in the next lecture.
We'll talk about C are in more detail